AAA Labor
  (1) AAA Labor | Since 1956 | Minnesota Staffing Agency  [www.aaalabor.com]
Contact AAA Labor - Your Expert Minneapolis Employment Agency. Whether you are looking for work or talent, AAA simplifies the process so that employers and workers can be matched. There is a lot of potential for long-term working relationships when you have AAA Labor taking care of the details.

ATA Staffing
  (1) ATA Staffing - Home Page  [atastaffing.com]
ATA Staffing - Home Company Profile Office Location Client Services Job Opportunities Place an Ad Submit an Order Email ATA Staffing . ATA Staffing. has served the. Twin Cities Area. Since 1978 (763) 537-1225: Current Job Openings * * * * * * *

Adult Shelter Connect St. Olaf Church
  (1) Adult Shelter Connect and Simpson Shelter | Simpson Housing  [www.simpsonhousing.org]
Simpson Housing Services oversees the day-to-day operations on behalf of the Single Adult Shelter Collaborative. Adult Shelter Connect is funded by Hennepin County's Human Services and Public Health Department. Thank you to St. Olaf Church for providing the space

African American AIDS Task Force 
  (1) aaatf.org - African American AIDS Task Force  [www.aaatf.org]
The African American AIDS Task Force (AAATF) was founded by African American community members who were concerned with the disproportionate impact of HIV/AIDS on African American people living in Minnesota.

African Community Services (African)
  (1) African Community Services - Advocacy Group - Minneapolis ...  [www.africancs.org]
African Community Services is an advocacy group in Minneapolis, Minnesota. African Community Services aims to help individuals and families with their struggles by providing effective assistance through goal oriented problem solving.. Composed of diverse and concerned individuals, African Community Services focuses on the solutions, techniques, practices and disciplines that are vital to the ...

Alcoholics Anonymous
  (1) Greater Minneapolis Intergroup - Alcoholics Anonymous  [aaminneapolis.org]
Greater Minneapolis Intergroup is here to help anyone who has a drinking problem. Our sole purpose is to carry the message of Alcoholics Anonymous and to be of service to A.A. Groups in Minneapolis and the Suburban Area.

All God's Children Metropolitan Community Church
  (1) All God's Children MCC | A Beacon of Hope  [www.agcmcc.org]
All God's Children (AGC) Metropolitan Community Church is a diverse community that draws from several Christian traditions, joining together to express the best that we each have to share, God revealed in us.

Alliance Apartments
  (1) Alliance Apartments - Aeon  [www.aeon.org]
Alliance Apartments Minneapolis, MN. Alliance Apartments and the newly-opened Alliance Addition provide quality affordable housing for 184 formerly homeless adults in a sober community. On-site services foster continued sobriety and increased stability.

Alliance Housing Inc.
  (1) - Alliance Housing  [www.alliancehousinginc.org]
Alliance Housing owns and/or manages similar properties in South and North Minneapolis. The properties are an asset to the tenants, the surrounding neighbors, and our community at large. Alliance's partner, Touchstone Mental Health, will provide a range of support services to ensure tenants can remain stably housed.

American Indian Community Development Corp. 
  (1) About AICDC | American Indian Community Development ...  [www.aicdc-mn.org]
AICDC is addressing the lack of affordable housing for American Indian elders in Minneapolis with the development of the Bi Di Gain Dash Anwebi Elder Housing. ... is the Chief Executive Officer of the American Indian Community Development Corporation. ... American Indian Community Development ...

American Indian Community Development Corp. Kola Project (Lakota for friend) 
  (1) About AICDC | American Indian Community Development ...  [www.aicdc-mn.org]
AICDC is addressing the lack of affordable housing for American Indian elders in Minneapolis with the development of the Bi Di Gain Dash Anwebi Elder Housing. The apartmenta are 47 1-bedroom units located on two parcels of land on the east and west sides of Bloomington Avenue South.

American Indian OIC
  (1) American Indian OIC - A non-profit organization with a ...  [aioic.org]
American Indian OIC A non-profit organization with a mission to empower American Indians to pursue career opportunities by providing individualized education, training and employment services in a culturally rich environment.

American Indian OIC -  Neighborhood Employment Network 
  (1) American Indian OIC - A non-profit organization with a ...  [aioic.org]
The mission of the American Indian OIC is to empower American Indians to pursue career opportunities by providing individualized education, training, and employment services in a culturally rich environment.

Anishinabe Wakiagun 
  (1) AICDC - Anishinabe Wakiagun, Minneapolis ... - rehab.com  [www.rehab.com]
AICDC - Anishinabe Wakiagun is a culturally specific permanent supportive housing program for chronic inebriates. AICDC - Anishinabe Wakiagun is located in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Archdale Apartments 
  (1) The Archdale Apartments - Aeon  [www.aeon.org]
The Archdale Minneapolis, MN. When it opened in 1996, The Archdale apartments were one of the first facilities of its kind in the country to offer apartments for homeless youth, ages 16-21.

Arrigoni House West
  (1) Arrigoni West | Locations | Supportive Living Solutions  [gosupportive.com]
- Arrigoni West client Location Details Located just a short walk from the University of Minnesota and downtown Minneapolis, this Recovery Advantage program in the Marcy Holmes neighborhood features shared rooms with communal dining and recreation spaces.

Ascension Place
  (1) Haven Housing  [www.havenhousing.org]
Ascension Place Next Step Housing Seeking Housing ... At each of our three Haven Housing programs, we strive to support women as they stabilize, heal from trauma, work to identify and overcome their barriers to independence, find their strength and create a more hopeful future. ... Minneapolis ...

Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) HomelessTeam-People Inc. 
  (1) Assertive Community Treatment - Homeless - People Incorporated  [www.peopleincorporated.org]
To be eligible for ACT services, an individual must be homeless as defined by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (above). About our fees Cost for services are provided through Hennepin County or Medical Assistance once the client meets eligibility requirements.

Atlas Staffing Inc.
  (1) Atlas Staffing Inc | Staffing Services | Twin Cities Area  [www.atlasstaffinginc.com]
The Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal Atlas Staffing ranked 2nd in the top 25 largest firms 2012 Book of Lists

Augsburg Central Health Commons (Central Lutheran Church)
  (1) Central Lutheran Church - Health Commons - Augsburg ...  [www.augsburg.edu]
The Augsburg Central Health Commons is located at Central Lutheran Church. Free parking is available in the parking lot adjacent to the church by validation. Please bring your ticket in to the Health Commons.

Avenues
 Avenues (Youth)
 Avivo (Formerly RESOURCE, Inc.) 
 Avivo (formerly RESOURCE Employment Action Center)
 